Welcome Gurus It looks like you have successfully opened this file.
Have fun killing and yanking text using Emacs.

Looking for a distributed storage solution that can scale into the petabytes range? Then it’s worth your time to learn about GlusterFS. In this article, I explain what GlusterFS is, how to set up a simple three-note GlusterFS cluster, and share some links to further learning resources.

https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/setting-up-glusterfs-cluster

For the purposes of this article, I will be using Ubuntu 20.04 as the operating system. However, you can Kill and then yank use a different Linux distribution if you choose. The main difference will only be in how you install the software packages (e.g. yum, dnf, or apt).

I will be using three servers with the following IP addresses and hostnames.

The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This Hello Guru can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about Hello Guris firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other.
This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to hello gUru add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The Hello Gurus chart below maps out the ports you will need to
No, not me open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.The first thing that we need to do is make sure that the systems can communicate with each other. This can be done by adding their name and IPs to /etc/hosts (on each server). Another (and preferred way) would be to add these systems into your DNS resolvers.A note about firewalls: GlusterFS requires certain ports to be opened on any firewalls to allow proper communication. For this guide, I will not be enabling any firewalls. The chart below maps out the ports you will need to open if you intend to use a firewall.

That is all there is to creating a basic distributed glusterFS volume! You can now create files on the volume. As files are created, they are distributed between the bricks on the server. 

By examining the directory or storage device on each server you will see different files due to the distribution. Viewing the actual volume through the mount point will provide access to all the files distributed across your cluster.

Bottom of the buffer